ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
welcome to Star Wars Weekends at
Disney's Hollywood Studios fatal the
fullest all weekend long
as Disney's Hollywood Studios along with
special Star Wars Weekends host James
Arnold Taylor celebrate the greatest
saga ever told and counted your favorite
Star Wars characters meets far more
celebrities and participate in one of
the times Star Wars Weekends events that
can't be experienced anywhere else in
the guillotine and before
Wow
so I humbly dressed in darkfall
I call it
all to me especially your right I'll try
to ignore but it's not going to be easy
you got a chance to check out the new
start or an imperial officer giving
Vader bad news I agree especially if I
had to choose between facing up big
Harry what bucks or tell me about it not
pretty yeah I now understand why Jawas
wear those robes and hoods why do you
say that well look down there creatures
oh they're taking our pictures life
what's that
I think they think four things then
they're gonna brag about it on their
Facebook their Facebook hey you detect
me in that photo or hashtag Star Wars
Weekends aren't Instagram so I can see
it later what can I say the camera loves
me what
a lot of them have sorry
forget what I said sandwich sky let me
see your identification
what talking about wait until I tell the
rest of the squad anyway
sir I just received a transmission that
some rebels have been spotted at the
entrance to star tours